One of the main purposes of the jQuery library was
to abstract the way the differences between different browsers.
As a developer, you'd write jQuery specific methods and then jQuery
would determine which browser it was running in and use the right code for that browser.
Now because jQuery made it so easy to write code that ran correctly in multiple browsers,
it skyrocketed in popularity.
Since every browser tries to support the official standards now,
jQuery's uses gradually diminished and been replaced by native DOM methods.
However, out of jQuery's popularity,
new DOM methods were created.
Let's take a look at some of these new methods.